edward warren and lorraine warren are
shown as the movie starts
who share their supernatural and
paranormal experience in a conference
in the next scene we see carolyn perron
and roger perron who were shifting in a
new house with their kids
their all kids enter the house but their
frightened dog is unwilling to go into
the house
they have five daughters named andrea
nancy christine
cindy and april april finds a music box
under a big tree having a mirror
while they were playing hide and clap a
piece of wood was broken by the girls
that piece of wood was fixed to conceal
a door behind it
when their father went he finds a
storeroom that is
full of darkness which consists of piano
with other antique things
suddenly their disturbed dog
continuously bark as he have seen
something
next morning when carolyn wakes up she
finds many spots of wounds on her foot
they're all clocks in the house are
still at 307 and their dog was found
dead outside by april
in the next scene we see edward with a
press reporter in his basement museum
where he and her wife kept all the
cursed items
edwardian formats reporter that every
present things in this room has cursed
or have been used in witchcraft
these ghosts come here for worship once
a month edward then tells about
annabelle doll
which has a devilish power which uses it
as a source
thereafter we heads towards pearson home
where
again the clock stopped working as it
strikes 307
while everyone was sleeping someone
tried to pull christine's foot on her
bed
and she also feels a foul smell cindy's
sleepwalker
so she reaches an andreas room and
mysteriously hits her head on the
wardrobe
next day carolyn finds another wound on
her back
when roger goes outside he observes a
dead pigeon which falls from the tree
he is quite astonished after seeing it
april and carolyn were alone at home
but carolyn finds april talking with
someone but she finds no one
april then asks her mom to play hide and
clap
when carolyn moves to andrea's room in
search of her the wardrobe as opens up
automatically
and someone claps bringing his hands
outside the wardrobe
carolyn is surprised as april calls from
her back
but for the most part she ignores
afterward
someone pulls the foot of christine but
this time it was more aggressive
to awake her up and panic she observed
someone standing behind the door
who threatens to kill her and all family
nancy was also with her but she sees
nothing
but the foul smell can be felt then
christine tells everything
to roger and all family members carolyn
has now many spots of wounds on her body
she then hears the sounds of kids
playing she thinks that it might be the
girls and goes to check it but finds
everyone sleeping
suddenly a strange happening occurs as
all photo frames starts to fall by own
then she hears sound of a girl she try
to follow the sound
when she reaches near the basement the
basement door opens up
then she hears something and tries to
escape but its doors gets close itself
hard on her
due to which carolyn dropped from the
stairs and a ball is thrown to her by
someone she again tries to escape but
darkness prevails there
then carolyn blazes the matchstick to
make things visible
a pair of hands arise from her and claps
frightening her
and like this she was entrapped there
cindy was again hitting her head with a
wardrobe in andrea's room
seeing it andrea takes cindy to her bed
for sleep
suddenly the door of that wardrobe opens
up automatically
andrea opens the wardrobe for checking
but finds nothing
then she like apparition of a female
ghost upside the wardrobe which attacks
her
roger reaches home and hears the crying
sound of someone in surroundings
first of all he opens the door of
basement extracting carolyn coming
outside the basement both go upstairs
and gather their kids at a place
now they all are quite afraid in the
next scene
a university is shown in which edward is
delivering a lecture on supernaturalism
and carolyn is also there as a listener
after the lecture
carolyn moves to edward and lorraine
inviting them to her house
after hearing all the things edward and
lorraine go to her house
carolyn and roger reveals the whole
story that the circumstance are
worsening day by day
they tell them that the house stinks a
very bad smell
the door always knocked thrice every
night whichever bird comes in house
is always found dead in their garden and
all clocks of the house are stopped at
edward responds them that these
occurrences are the indication of
devil's presence
thereafter they move to the basement and
going their lorraine realizes that
something is wrong here asking all
incidents from carolyn
edward records it on the other side
lorraine investigates about the friend
of april
on it april hands her over the music box
while playing the music box lorraine
notices the spirit of a small kid rory
in the mirror about whom she had asked
from april
then they go to that tree where they
discovered this music box
lorraine then lays eyes on that ghost
apparition which was teasing this family
then lorraine reveals that this house is
dwelling of a huge devil and this is a
very powerful spirit
she tells that she had seen the dark
figure behind carolyn
roger and all the kids the dark figure
of ghost is always behind them
and this has stuck with them in such a
way if they leave this house
then also this will not stop pursuing
them edward then informs them
exorcism need to be performed here and
for it they need an authorization from
church
firstly they have to give evidence to
the church and then it will be allowed
lorraine tells there are numerous ghosts
in this house but
only one of them is evil-hearted edward
plays the recorded clip at night but he
hears only his voice
there is no recording of roger and
carolyn and lorraine tells the history
of this place to edward
as a man had built a farmhouse here and
he married a woman named bathsheda who
used to believe and do black magic
she had burned her seven days child in
the name of sacrificed
and when her husband became witnessed of
her doing she committed suicide hanging
herself in the tree
after this incident many deaths occurred
there as a child named rory who was lost
drowning in his grief her mother
committed suicide in that house's
storeroom
a neighbor also committed suicide and a
child was dead drowning in a pool there
during their conversation recorder
played itself
now edward voice is heard with ghost's
horrible sound
this was the exact time when the clock
strikes 307
next morning edward and lorraine goes to
roger's house
to gather all the evidences so that they
may show it to the church
a police officer named brad and a boy
named drew also helped them
setting the voice recorder and cameras
in house surroundings
lorraine notices the carolyn family
photo and using her power
understands this was a special moment of
making
edward sprinkles the holy water in all
rooms to irritate the devilish powers
as they come contact with it and the
action can be recorded
suddenly the basement door was opened
and edward and lorraine moves there
but they were unable to find anything
and try to come outside and at that time
the door
automatically shut down that night they
didn't get any evidence
next morning all were having their
breakfast happily
edward says to carolyn to have some rest
i will manage everything with lorraine
when lorraine was taking the dry clothes
from outside she notices the ghost of
bathsheba standing behind the cloth
suddenly that cloth flies and gets stuck
with the bedroom window of caroline
as the cloth is uncovered lorraine sees
the ghost of bathsheba
before lorraine can arrive there
bathsheba possessed her
at first police officer brad hears a
girl's voice and immediately he sees the
maid ghost
and it very much frightens the police
officer nancy then goes to andrea's room
in sleepwalking and that room door gets
locked
nancy sleepwalking photos are captured
by cameras and it was obvious that
there was someone except nancy all run
towards that room but they were unable
to find her edward was searching with
the help of a ultraviolet light and
finds her in an empty place between two
walls
april informs lorraine that whenever
rory is afraid he hides himself there
lorraine immediately reaches at that
place she observes the kid's toys
music box place and a rope that
bathsheba had used in her suicide
suddenly a wood breaks down which causes
to lorraine fall down to the storeroom
looking into the mirror of the music box
she notices bitterly weeping spirit of
rory's mother
rory's mother ghost disappeared saying
it asked me to do that
and bathsheba's ghost arrives there
which terrifies lorraine
as she tries to run it reverses her
pulling her necklace
that necklace get broke and dropped down
there which was given by her daughter
named judy
running outside lorraine tells that this
evil spirits compels only mothers to
take the life of their child
she tells that now it is bewitching
caroline and ghost
is the cause of wound spots on her body
then suddenly
the crucifixes starts to fall on floor
and someone mysteriously pulls the hair
of nancy
dragging her to and but they were able
to save nancy successfully
the pearsons decide to leave this house
and edward informs roger that
they will represent everything before
church for exorcism of the house
meanwhile lorraine hears her daughter
judy's voice and sees her dead body in
the pool
she gets frightened seeing this she gets
upset for her daughter and tells to
edward about it
next day edward and lorraine tell the
whole happened incidence of house to
father showing all proofs
they have also the photo of sleepwalking
nancy along with her the spirit of
standing rory was also can be seen
father informs that they will have to
take permission of exorcism from higher
authority because they are non-catholics
now we see the edward and lorraine's
daughter judy
the ghost of bathsheba reaches to her
through her locket
it pulls the foot of judy awakening her
she gets afraid and comes outside in
search of her father and mother
we also know here that annabelle dahl
has disappeared from their basement
when returning bathsheba was sitting
there keeping the annabelle doll in her
lap
bathsheba terrifies and tries to harm
judy but edward and lorraine arrive
there at the exact time
saving the life of their daughter on the
other side
carolyn is taking christine and april
along with her
knowing it roger informs edward
instantly
lorraine tells him that because these
devilish powers try to make mothers
kill their children through enchantment
all return back to that house
carolyn is nearly to kill christine as
they reach there
they spare the life of christine and
seat her in the car
seeing this occurrence in fear april
runs away from there
as they try to bring carolyn out the
house meanwhile ghost intends to harm
her stopping
lorraine gets the point as carolyn goes
outside she will be dead by the ghost
then devil drags carolyn into the
storeroom they try to save carolyn
going into the storeroom but devil turns
her condition worse with its power
so it was not the child's play to
overcome it on the other side
police officer is searching april in the
house carolyn was not in anyone's
control
and she attacks everyone one by one they
tied carolyn with a chair and conditions
become more worse over time
observing her condition edward decides
to perform exorcism as edward begins
exorcism
this devil bathsheba has lost its
control and devilish powers gets more
strengthened
but edward continues to perform exorcism
now the devil lifts the chair up in the
air and tries to stop the exorcism
then it falls the chair to the ground
and breaks it
as a result carolyn gets untied and she
tries to attack edward
at the same time the officer finds april
knowing this
carolyn proceeds to kill her but before
carolyn kills her
edward accomplishes his exorcism
reaching there
taking oath by edward bathsheba agrees
to leave
but carolyn was still possessed by the
devil
lorraine and roger help her by
strengthen her with the support of her
kids and family memories
so that she may fight with this ghost
eventually
the love of his family with her kids won
over the possession
and that devilish ghost unwillingly
frees caroline and leaves
carolyn comes to her normal state and
all begin to live their lives happily
and april returns lorraine's locket and
edward places that music box in his
basement museum
and with this the movie ends